1.TCL S68A SERIES Slim Design, Slim design combines function and fashion in a excellent show of elegance. MEnjoy a viewing experience that is 2X the clarity of standard FHD TVs.  TCL 4K UHD televisions reproduce in stunning details all shades of light, natural colors for a truly immersive viewing experience via 3,840 x 2,160 pixels (4 x the number of pixels on Full HD TVs). HDR delivers greater picture contrast, enhances image details and brings vivid colors to life. It is an upgrade to the current TV programming signal-standard.  Order for this TCL Android TV online from Jumia Kenya and have it delivered straight ot your doorstep.
KSh 28,999
name: TCL 43" Smart ANDROID Google Play, Netflix, WIFI TV


Hisense 50 smart 4k Frameless 50A6HKEN-The 50A6H series. Proving that good things come in big
packages too. Take your pick from 75 For 4K UHD picture quality, in the perfect
size for your space. With High dynamic range  TV, you can discover 700,000+ movies and shows
in one place. Ask Google Assistance  your
TV with Searching . And cast your photos, videos, and music from devices to
your TV easily with Chrome cast built-in™. Add to that Dolby Vision HDR and
Auto Low Latency Game Mode. Or as we call it, a great looking TV.

Dolby Vision HDR and HDR10: Cinema technology for your home. We’re talking more detail in the shadows, visibly clearer highlights and dramatically more vibrant colors. So good, it’s a Dolby Laboratories certified HDR product.

The 2022 Hisense A6 series adds more picture quality enhancements and an operating system upgrade for the perfect 4K fit for consumers looking for options and affordability. Adding Film Maker Mode reproduces movie content the way the director originally intended and adding Game Mode Plus with variable refresh rate at 4K 60Hz and auto low latency mode keeps the A6 series at pace with next-generation game consoles. The A6 series also maintains DTS Virtual: X audio technology and Chromecast built-in for fuller audio and video casting capabilities. These advancements are available in all sizes and position the A6 series as the “go-to” television for the perfect 4K fit.
name: Hisense 50 smart 4k Frameless 50A6HKEN, KSh 51,499

Be at the centre of your own entertainment universe with this 2.1 channel sound system. With a powerful output power, a slim sound bar, and versatile 2-way subwoofer, you can experience cinematic sound that revolves around you. Order for this Soundbar with Bluetooth® Technology online from Jumia Kenya and have it delivered straight at your doorstep.


More movies and music

Enjoy a stable, high-quality audio connection for everything you want to watch or listen to, with an array of wired connections, and Bluetooth® wireless technology.

Bluetooth® wireless streaming
Stream all your favourite music wirelessly from your smartphone with Bluetooth® wireless technology.
Slot-in design
Get the maximum impact from every bassline with the subwoofer. It has a 2-way design, and you can even place it in your TV cabinet or rack for perfect home theatre integration. KSh 7,299 name: Vision Plus VP2110SB - 2.1CH Soundbar - 110W RMS - Black

Slim and elegant

The punched-metal grill and ability to be wall-mounted make the soundbar a great match for any TV.
Stylish and unobtrusive

Compact, yet powerful wireless rear speakers effortlessly integrate with your room and can easily be wall mounted.
Bluetooth® connectivity

Use Bluetooth® to wirelessly stream music from your smartphone.KSh 36,999
name:Sony HT-S40R, 5.1ch 600Watts Soundbar System- Black

The IP-08 Wireless SoundBar with Bluetooth lets you enhance your TV experience with crisp dynamic sound.It helps out and looks nice to hear everything especially when watching your favorite concerts or even yet your fave movies. "This sound-bar features a pair of five Watt channels powering a couple of decent quality drivers giving a frequency response of 100Hz to 18KHz with 360° stereo surround-sound and is plenty loud enough for most domestic situations; for it's size this speaker does actually sound surprisingly good too. This model is designed as a small sound-bar to improve the audio quality of small flat-panel TVs but it also functions as a normal portable Bluetooth speaker for your laptop or phone when required. Included in this package are the Bluetooth speaker itself, a USB charging cable, a 3.5 mm jack audio cable and a user guide. 
name: Generic Bluetooth Sound Bar Speaker-Varrying Colours KSh 4,522
 Outdoor Bluetooth Speaker,built-in bluetooth 5.0 wireless transmission, working distance up to 10 meters.

* Support Hand-free when answer calling (with MIC)

* Support playing MP3 songs stored in the U-disk

* Support playing MP3 songs stored in the TF card

* Support external 3.5mm audio input terminals of all.

* Supports rechargeable.
♫【Superior Sound Quality and Deep Bass】 10W Wireless speakers with dual-driver and bass diaphragm for rich bass, clear midrange, crisp high pitch. 360°surround sound speakers for indoor and outdoor : family, hostel, car, party, camping, hiking, cycling. ♫【Bluetooth 5.0 Compatibility & Stable Transmission】 Speakers wireless Bluetooth 5.0 technology, connect fast and stable, high-fidelity transmission. Speakers wireless compatible with Android, IOS and Windows. Non-bluetooth devices using 3.5mm audio cable/AUX-IN jack. ♫【Fashionable and Cool Appearance】Speakers have a unique eagle-eye appearance and gorgeous LED flashing lights to follow the music beating , cool and fashion, combined with deep and shocking bass to give you a visual and auditory feast. Protable speaker built-in Li-Ion 2400 mAh battery, about 10h playback time to meet your long music time. ♫ 【Ultra Portable & Multi-function Playback】 Wireless bluetooth speaker built-in Mic, hands-free for smartphones and iPhones, support TF card & U disk, versatile playback to share your music. Portable bluetooth speaker, size: 20 x 5.5 x 7.6 cm, for travel and hiking, ultra-light and easy to put in pockets, backpacks, luggage, packaging name: Generic HQ6 Wireless Super Bass Portable Bluetooth Speaker(blue1) KSh 1,391.

You can also plug a flash disk or Micro SD (TF) card and enjoy playing music directly from the unit. It also has an FM radio that will play your popular radio stations (which you can store in the device memory). It has a carrying handle and a dock where you can place your phone as you listen.
image
ENJOY BASS WITH THE C15 BLUETOOTH SPEAKER
These are classy Bluetooth speakers that are attractive, innovative and very affordable. Pound for pound they may just be the most value for money Bass Bluetooth speakers you will find on the market. They boast of a smooth sound encased in a full featured cabinet that you can connect to your phone, tablet, microphone or any stereo source. 
Share this product
C15 Portable SUPER BASS Bluetooth Speaker With FM/USB KSh 1,494

Modular partner jack design allows it to connect a row of mini speakers to get unexpected audio performance. The new Lager 45mm driver provides precise treble to produce outstanding sound. Because of high capacity battery, it can use a longer time and doesn't worry about low battery.
Excellent heavy bass diaphragm and CVC noise reduction technology bring you better music quality. The extended BXS can drive a more complete and richer low-end response.
The case is made of plastic, which makes it durable.
The diameter is 5.2cm and the height is 5.5cm.
It supports mobile phone, laptop, tablet, A2DP, AVRCP, headset, hands-free, profile, TF card, USB, FM, Bluetooth.

Item Name: Bluetooth Speaker
Material:Plastic
Charging Time: about 2 Hours
Output Power: 3W
Battery Capacity: 300mAh (Included)
Playback Time: about 1 Hour
Frequency Range: 280Hz - 16KHz
Transmission Distance: 10m
Bluetooth Version: 3.0
Signal to Noise Ratio: > = 95dB
Distortion:
name:blue2 KSh 393

Support TF/USB/FM/Bluetooth/AUX, hands-free mode, FM radio.

With FM function, can search radio stations automatically.
International advanced wireless chip and circuit design technology support all wireless devices.
Use high-fidelity speakers to ensure clear and bright sound.
Support TF card and U-disk.
Through AUX line input, you can directly connect external devices, such as tablet, PC, TV, phone.
Support Bluetooth mode connection.
Generic Portable Mini Wireless Bluetooth Hands-free USB TF AUX FM Speaker Music Player-Black KSh 612